Update documentation to make repository location clear (#58)
jenkinsci/groovy-sandbox: README.md

<dependency>
    <groupId>org.kohsuke</groupId>
    <artifactId>groovy-sandbox</artifactId>

>     <version>1.24</version>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <version>1.25</version>
```

</dependency>
```

> Versions after 1.19 are *not* published to Maven Central.  You will need to include the Jenkins repository, e.g.:

Reviewer: Maybe a bit clearer to tweak this a bit:

```suggestion
Versions after 1.19 will only be published to the Jenkins Releases repository, not to Maven Central as was done previously. Here are the detail for the Jenkins Releases repository:
```
